okay in about five hours the brisket is
it's gonna be done and it's gonna be
phenomenal okay that's not word I
usually use but that's what it is or
banging or whatever you want to call it
it's just gonna be awesome brisket so
now I'm gonna do my macaroni and cheese
it's called
over the top top top macaroni and cheese
it's with seven cheese's it's Muenster
cheese mall chatter sharp cheddar
Monterey Jack mozzarella provolone and
Velveeta those are the seven cheese's
all used I have my first cookbook with
the macaroni and cheese and since
they're not growing up and I've grown
into this seafood macaroni and cheese
lady
thanks to bud Ellison my musical
director who passed up a prostate cancer
some time ago so whenever I cook this I
think of but and it's gonna be with
lobster and shrimp add it to the cheeses
and the egg and the seasoned salt and
the butter and the half and half cream
first I'm gonna start by taking off the
bling-bling the nastiest thing that you
can see in a kitchen is somebody cooking
and tossing food with their freaking
rings on and long fingernails
okay nasty so I'll put the ring over
here I'll pick up some gloves because
I'm gonna work this macaroni and cheese
with my hands and I don't trust people
since people have their hands all into
food and sticking it in
in it just passing on stuff first you
got to get the gloves on now that takes
a little while didn't you get them on
and yeah hope that this bracelet won't
fall into the macaroni and cheese it
won't and they are easy pour that
macaroni in there there's another piece
I mean and when you make a potato salad
and stuff like that you know people use
eat toss stuff put that in put the
cheese is in all right
that's one cheese this is another one
gave you two names you should remember
okay
you said the Muenster provolone
mozzarella sharp cheddar cheddar other
Chittor
Velveeta just Jesus blows the cheese's
you like cheese I hope and then you mix
it and I'll put the Velveeta and lasse
why I don't know but I just do actually
when it bubbles the yellow of the
Velveeta is really pretty and you can
use as much cheese as you want actually
I've had time I will touch some more
cheese and put it on the top but I don't
have time and this is still Lobster and
this is the shrimp oh you saute your
shrimp before you put them in the
macaroni you don't put in raw shrimp
because although it takes about 45
minutes for this stuff to brown you know
the macaronis already cooked steamed
your lobster and dice it up this is the
butter spread it around this is the egg
put it in there
it's kind of gross using raw egg but it
cooks this is a seasoned salt and it's
going in like this but I'm going to mix
it up okay and this is a half and a half
what I watch people when they're doing
their cooking shows and I hear all those
noises and it's natural I'm making noise
in the kitchen on television okay you
know everything's mixed up and then on
the very top I'm gonna add paprika just
so they don't have a beautiful color and
the cheese in the macaroni it's gonna
pull like a pizza because it's
mozzarella and provolone cheese now I'm
gonna pour this paprika on top and the
other gloves are touching the paprika
the glass but it's safe it's all safe
and if you want to put cayenne pepper on
the top you can if you want hot and
spicy my carne and cheese now you clean
this up because I like a pretty plate
okay it's as pretty as it's gonna get
now the only thing you have to do now is
put it in an oven at 325 for like 45
minutes
or you can just open the oven every now
and then and see if it's brown and if
it's brown then you take that girl out
okay don't let it burn just let it get a
pretty pretty color Brown this is the
trash let me put this in the trash let
me get my little beautiful Cynthia
mittens it beautiful okay I'm ready to
put my macaroni and cheese and lobster
and shrimp and in the oven I'm gonna put
it in with my brisket my brisket is
cooking for like I said forever so every
now and then check your macaroni and
cheese to make sure it's it's getting
brown I check it every 20 minutes and
that last 20 minutes it should be done
so I'm gonna place it in the oven here's
another one it takes a strong girl okay
whoa
careful you don't burn your hair okay
eat Jesus okay that's it next I'm gonna
do my Patti LaBelle cabbage shuffle or
whatever you want to call it it's just
so many things in it and you sort of uh
saute it but sort of steam it and sorta
just cook it I'll be back with my
cabbage